Summary:
Motivated professional offering a diverse skill set in both Scientific Research, Software Engineering and the
intersection of the two. Adds value to any organization in need of great collaboration, interpersonal and multitasking
abilities. Meets tight deadlines. Rapid learner. Striving for nothing less than excellence in the endeavors I embark on

Leadership Experience:

Founder, President, Union Neurotech (www.unionneurotech.com) 09/2020 - Current
Co - President, Union Rocket Club 09/2020 - 06/2022
Council Chair, Minverva Program 03/2020 - 03/2022
Board Member, LASO (Latin American Student Organization) 09/2021 - 01/2022
Founder, President, MARS (Mamaroneck Aeronautics and Rocketry Society) 

Education:
Union College: Bachelors of Science Double - Neuroscience / Computer Science - 09/2019 to 06/2023

Skills:

Software Development and Design
Design and Operation of Brain Computer Interfaces
Signal Processing
Teamwork, Collaboration, Team Leadership
Data Collection and Analysis
Technology Repair
Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning
Scientific Research, Technical Writing
Operating Systems: Windows, MacOS, Linux
Fluent in: Python, Java, Javascript, C, C++, R
High Performance Computing / Parallel Computing
Graphic Design
Computational Neuroscience
GIT and Version Control tools
Video Production and Editing (Adobe, Vegas Pro)
Task Automation
Multitasking and Organization
Project Planning
Robotics Software Design

Work Experience:

National Center for Adapative Neurotechnologies
Neurotechnology Researcher
Albany, NY
November 2021
Present
Working on research in the intersection between Neuroscience, Computer Science and Engineering utilizing state of the art methods and equipment for assistive and
adaptive Neurotechnologies. Optimized experimental Operant Conditioning System for improving muscle control in people who have neuromuscular disorders. 
Developed software suite for conducting analysis on large datasets of electrophysiological activity with a focus in Evoked Potentials data for the purpose of optimizing 
assistive communication Brain Computer Interface. Utilized and further developed skills in Scientific Writing, Software Engineering, Signal Processing, Interprocess Communication, 
Documentation, and Research Methods in Neuroscience.

General Electric
Digital Technology Intern
Schenectady, NY
June 2022
August 2022
Developed multiple systems for automating data analysis pipelines in GE Vernova's Gas Power branch; paticularly with their Communications data.
Developed a software suite for automatically conducting analytics on data utilizing Python, Numpy, Matplotlib, Scipy and Pandas to name a few.
Successfully wrote an automation suite that demonstrated the capacity to optimize spending and save up to $1.2 Million in costs across GE Vernova Gas Power.
Utilized and further developed skills in Software Engineering, Signal Processing, Financial Analytics, Data Analytics, Task Automation, Cybersecurity.

Union College Maker Labs
Student Technician
Schenectady, NY
September 2022
Present
Assist with and maintain Engineering Machine Shop at Union College for Students and Faculty at Union College.
Utilized and further developed skills in Engineering Methods, 3D Printer Operation, Power Tools Operation, Mill Operation, Lathe Operation, Machine Shop Safety Methods.

Union College CAMLab
Student Research / Technician
Schenectady, NY
September 2021
June 2022
Developed tools for analyzing data in Psychology Research. Utilized experience in software engineering to parse through large research datasets.
Developed a remote-capable assessment tool for creativity. 
Utilized and further developed skills in Data Analytics, Research Methods in Psychology, Web Development, Task Automation. 

The BCI Guys
Content and Video Production
Remote
October 2020
March 2021
Contributed to content in the research and content writing stage of the Foundations in Neurotechnology course by The BCI Guys and NeurotechX.
Later contributed to the video production portion of the online course. Utilized and expanded upon skills with Adobe Premire, Scientific Communication

Union College Feller Lab
Student Research / Technician
Schenectady, NY
March 2021
June 2021
Assisted laboratory staff with development of technical components of Biology Research. Utilized AMIRA software for CT Imaging of Invertebrate organisms.
Utilized and further developed skills in Research and Methods in Biology Research, MicroCT Imaging, Scientific Writing and Documentation, Methods and saftey in the Wet Lab setting.

Union College ITS
Student Technician
Schenectady, NY
September 2020
March 2021
Provided technical assistance to students and faculty at Union College through the IT Services Department.
Utilized and further developed skills in IT Services, Technical Support and Repair, Customer Service, Communications.

XP0 Dynamics - Self Employed
Electronics Repair Technician
Larchmont, NY
September 2019
March 2020
Managed self run Electronics Repair Business. Repaired technology such as computers, phones and appliances for clients. Utilized and further developed skills in Customer Service, Windows, MacOS, Linux, Electronics Repair and troubleshooting.

Mobile Rescue
Electronics Repair Technician
Larchmont, NY
March 2019
June 2020
Repaired Computers and Mobile Devices for customers until the business closed in Summer of 2019. Utilized and further developed skills in Customer Service, Windows, MacOS, Linux, Electronics Repair and troubleshooting.

Ro Lab CUNY
Research Assistant Intern
New York, NY
June 2018
September 2018
Assisted laboratory staff with equipment, procedures and data analytics regarding Brain Computer Interfaces and psychology applications of EEG. 
Assisted with TMS equipment and EEG applications for phosphenes stimulation and observation of Alpha activity relating to attention.
Utilized and further developed skills in Research Methods in Psychology, Electrophysiological data, Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation, EEG Setup and Recording, Communication.

Gulko Lab Mount Sinai
Research Assistant Intern
New York, NY
June 2017
August 2017
Assisted Laboratory Staff with equipment and lab procedures regarding Rheumatology, Protein Synthesis, Plasmid Vector Cloning, and Research in Rheumatoid Arthritis.
Utilized and further developed skills in Research Methods in Biological Sciences, Laboratory Procedures and Safety, Plasmid Vector Cloning, Wet Lab Experience.